Document for prewarmed container (#4910)
apache/openwhisk: docs/prewarm.md

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->

> # runtimes

Author: Already moved to `actions.md`'s `## Languages and Runtimes` section.

the runtime is the docker image for different language, e.g. nodejs:N, python:N, swift:N, etc.

when user invokes actions, these relative activations are run on docker containers which base on
these runtime docker images.

> # Prewarmed container without `reactive`

Author: Your description is more accurate, already updated accordingly.

> Prewarmed containers are created when invoker starts, they are created according to runtimes.json's stemCells, e.g.

Author: Your description is more accurate, already updated accordingly.

```
{
    "kind": "nodejs:10",
    "default": true,
    "image": {
        "prefix": "openwhisk",
        "name": "action-nodejs-v10",
        "tag": "nightly"
    },
    "deprecated": false,
    "attached": {
        "attachmentName": "codefile",
        "attachmentType": "text/plain"
     },
     "stemCells": [
     {
        "initialCount": 2,
         "memory": "256 MB"
     }
     ]
}
```

> Regarding above runtime(nodejs:10 kind + 256 MB memory), `2` prewarmed conatainrs will be created when invoker starts,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, there is only one runtime configuration, which is `nodejs:10`. It has a stem cell configuration and 2 containers with 256MB memory for `nodejs:10` will be provisioned when an invoker starts. When an activation with the `nodejs:10` kind arrives, one of the prewarm containers can be used to alleviate a cold start. A prewarm container that is assigned to an action is moved to the busy pool and the invoker creates one more prewarm container to replenish the prewarm pool.  In this way, when no reactive configuration is configured, an invoker always maintains the same number of prewarm containers.

```

and the number of prewarmed container is stable usually, when activation is scheduled on the prewarmed container,
another new prewarmed container will be created at the same time, on the other hand, previous used prewarmed container
is moved from `prewarmedPool` to `busyPool`.

the activation will be scheduled on prewarmed container firstly, then subsequent activation will be scheduled on warmed containers.
because prewarm container is already created in advance, so this can avoid `cold start`.

> # Prewarmed container with `reactive`

Author: Your description is more accurate, already updated accordingly.

> `Adjust the prewarmed container resource dynamically` is supported by `reactive` configuration, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a reactive configuration, the number of prewarm containers is dynamically controlled, e.g.
```

```
{
    "kind": "nodejs:10",
    "default": true,
    "image": {
        "prefix": "openwhisk",
        "name": "action-nodejs-v10",
        "tag": "nightly"
    },
    "deprecated": false,
    "attached": {
        "attachmentName": "codefile",
        "attachmentType": "text/plain"
     },
     "stemCells": [
     {
        "initialCount": 2,
         "memory": "256 MB",
         "reactive": {
             "minCount": 1,
             "maxCount": 4,
             "ttl": "2 minutes",
             "threshold": 1,
             "increment": 1
     }
     ]
}
```

> `reactive` fields explanation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, there is a reactive configuration for `nodejs:10` and there are 4 underlying configurations.

```

> * minCount: exist at least `minCount` prewarmed containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `minCount`: the minimum number of prewarm containers. The number of prewarm containers can't be fewer than this value.
```

Author: Your description is more accurate, already updated accordingly.

> * maxCount: can't create more than `maxCount`prewarmed containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `maxCount`: the maximum number of prewarm containers. The number of prewarm containers cannot exceed this value.
```

Author: Your description is more accurate, already updated accordingly.

> * ttl: the prewarmed conainers will be deleted due to expiration, because they are not used in ttl time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ttl`: the amount of time that prewarm containers can exist without any activation. If no activation for the prewarm container arrives in the given time, the prewarm container will be removed.
```

Author: Your description is more accurate, already updated accordingly.

> * threshold and increment: these two fileds are used together to calculate the new created number of prewarmed containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `threshold` and `increment`: these two configurations control the number of new prewarm containers to be created.
```

Author: Your description is more accurate, already updated accordingly.

> How to support `adjust the prewarmed container resource dynamically`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of prewarmed containers is dynamically controlled when:
* they are expired due to a TTL, some prewarmed containers are removed to save resources.
* cold starts happen, some prewarm containers are created according to the following calculus.
   * `# of prewarm containers to be created` = `# of cold starts` / `threshold` * `increment`.
   * ex1) `cold start number(2)` / `threshold(2)` * `increment(1)` = 1
   * ex2) `cold start number(4)` / `threshold(2)` * `increment(1)` = 2
   * ex3) `cold start number(8)` / `threshold(2)` * `increment(1)` = 4
   * ex4) `cold start number(16)` / `threshold(2)` * `increment(1)` = 4 (cannot exceed the maximum number)
* no activation arrives for long time, the number of prewarm containers will eventually converge to `minCount`.

```

Author: Your description is more accurate, already updated accordingly.

* Some prewarmed containers will be deleted if they are expiration, this can save some memory resource.
* Create a certain range prewarmed conainers according to the cold start in same kind on next schedule time, e.g.

>   - cold start number = 2, number of prewarmed container will be created = cold start number(2)/threshold(2) * increment(1) = 1

Author: I moved the prewarm.md's content to `actions.md`.
Regarding `Isn't threshold 1 in the above example?`
I changed like below
```
     "stemCells": [
     {
        "initialCount": 2,
         "memory": "256 MB",
         "reactive": {
             "minCount": 1,
             "maxCount": 4,
             "ttl": "2 minutes",
             "threshold": 2,   # here, changed from 1 to 2, need to keep the same.
             "increment": 1
     }
     ]
```
